On October 4th I will release DarkRP 2.5.0.

DarkRP 2.5.0 is to DarkRP 2.4.3 what GMod 13 is to GMod 12.

Exactly, shit will break. You have two choices:
1. Start moving to DarkRP 2.5.0. You can do this before or after the release.
2. Stick with 2.4.3. forever. Until October 4th I will accept bug reports for this version of DarkRP. After that you can go fuck yourself.


Now as I said, shit will break with DarkRP 2.5.0. Your custom shipments and jobs will still work, IF YOU MOVE THEM TO THE RIGHT PLACE.

You should not edit DarkRP core files. With DarkRP 2.4.3 you are allowed to edit addentities.lua, config.lua and files like that.
In DarkRP 2.5.0. you are to keep your dirty fingers off these files. I will hate you if you modify DarkRP by messing with the core files.
Even the files that you could previously edit are NOT to be touched anymore.

Instead there's something WAY better. It's a special addon in which you put all your custom shit.
You will be able to mod EVERYTHING in DarkRP with that addon. If you can NOT modify DarkRP without editing core files, you can file a bug report on github.
Make sure you prefix it with the [MODIFICATION] tag, though.

More information about migrating can be found here:
http://wiki.darkrp.com/index.php/MigratingTo2.5.0
(note, this page doesn't exist yet, but will be created ASAP. Please stand by)


= REASONS FOR UPGRADING TO DARKRP 2.5.0. =

- New and recoded F1 menu with chat command searching
- New and recoded F4 menu in which you can add your own tabs and which doesn't lag when you open it
- Piss easy to translate DarkRP with the addon. Just copy a file and start translating.
- Update DarkRP without problems. No more merge conflicts because you're not touching the DarkRP files.
- Shitloads faster
- ALL of the available functions and hooks are documented on the wiki.
- Super recode. Everything is tidied up.

= SO HERE IS A WARNING =
If you modified DarkRP and try to update after October 4th you will fuck yourself over harder than a hedgehog performing autofellatio backwards.
And I won't be responsible.
